my boyfriend has done a great job of
introducing me to the wonderful world of
video games all that justice trashcan
mister trash camp yeah yeah but he has
been playing Pokemon since day one and
outgrew it sometime around day 6,000
while I've only played let's go Eevee
the serious repetitive formula is not
yet repetitive for a newcomer like me
the effortless turn-based combat is not
yet effortless for a novice like me and
the elementary RPG mechanics are not yet
elementary for a nincompoop like me
that's why watching every Pokemon direct
for sword and shield felt like this the
latest entry in the series lets you pick
your outfit this time it's not just tops
and bottoms but a wide variety including
outerwear and gloves or put on a little
makeup there's a lot more to becoming a
champion than simply honing your battle
skills you've got to look the part too
don't you think
however despite being perfectly content
as waggling a feather at Vulpix I am NOT
unmindful that a lot of players wish
Pokemon grew up with them the same way
Mario and Zelda did even from my
childlike perspective these games appear
frozen in time so when it was announced
that a mainline title would finally be
released on a home console everyone
justifiably prepared for evolution would
the power of the Nintendo switch and
decades of creative progress be utilized
to develop the mario 64 the metroid
prime or the breath of the wild this
franchise desperately needed and no they
didn't even try
kill myself Wow I'm going to kill myself
and it's your fault pokemon sword and
shield have indefensible graphics
outdated gameplay and shamelessly
lackadaisical dialogue but oh look at it
oh yay let's get it this paper game
looks like [__] dude so this is a review
of Pokemon shield and a review of what
it's like to live with someone who plays
pokemon sword this video was sponsored
by Squarespace now I decided to go with
shield because I felt bad for shield
like no one else would want it which is
the exact same reason I chose Sabo also
he's the cutest Pokemon ever and I loved
him like a son even through his teenage
emo phase
but the man he became made me question
where I went wrong as a Paris
why is he sexy return it please I tried
I really tried to appreciate what they
were going for with this design I just
couldn't shake the feeling that he was
gonna wear my clothes and stab someone
in the shower yeah I adore the other
Pokemon in this game though now I don't
know which ones are new and I don't know
their actual names but I have a banjo
garlic Allen Poe granola dr. Dre and a
jalapeno my favorite thing to do is
setup Pokemon prison yard where my
inmates can take a break from their
polka cells and remember what freedom
smelled like before I arrested them for
being too cute admittedly I did start to
wonder why is this in the game I imagine
they spent a large amount of time on all
the unique animations that happen here
as well as the 151 Curry's you can cook
it really seems a bit excessive
especially considering that every other
aspect of the game could have used a lot
more love and attention
I would prefer Pokemon Nintendogs was a
spinoff title that explores the concepts
full potential while the Pokemon sword
and shield developers focused on more
important things like the ground and the
trees and you know the core gameplay in
theory an RPG where you catch instead of
kill the enemies you encounter then
train them earn their trust and even
form emotional bonds with them is just
freakin genius it was literally a 95
billion dollar idea the imagination can
run wild thinking of how all that money
and 20 years of practice could improve
upon it to create a modern role-playing
masterpiece
but I see little imagination here beyond
what I saw in generation one it's still
just a big game of rock-paper-scissors
if they throw out paper you throw out
scissors if they throw out scissors you
throw out rock if they throw out rock
you throw out fighting grass ground
steel or water I'm supposed to be a
pokemon trainer right then how come the
only training I need to do to beat a gym
leader is find one Pokemon with one move
that will be super effective and then
just spam it while I watch TV for gaming
that completion is imagine trying to
fight an enraged bear with a paper clip
the game theorist girlfriend reviews
this is a new segment I'm gonna call
girlfriend tips all right and the
Streamy award for gaming goes to and
even though my other Pokemon do
absolutely nothing they all gain
multiple levels learn new moves and
evolve for just sitting around in their
pokéballs most of them were born in the
dark molded by it I didn't see the night
until I was already a matter
it's nothing to me right however they
did take that 95 billion dollars and 20
years of technological progress to add
camera controls Wow you can move it all
the way around and kind of up and down a
little no way but don't get too excited
you can only do it in this completely
optional and open area that they attach
to a 3ds game so you'd buy it on
Nintendo switch the formulaic and linear
map design that is excusable on a
nine-year-old handheld device feels
totally out of its League amongst the
gorgeous and expansive titles released
on the switch especially the ones
published by Nintendo the story along
the way might have redeemed the
primitive exploration if it wasn't 95%
about this dork who interrupts you at
the entrance and exit of almost every
single route and town to cycle through
the same two animations while telling
you in a hundred different ways that
he's gonna be Leon the undefeated
champion who dresses like the Burger
King for some reason hop is that kid at
school who is really nice to you and
really wants to be your friend but you
just hate his guts
pop tucks in his shirt hop tucks in his
shirt to his gym shorts loser and his
Pokemon is that other kid from school he
looks like Jeff no dude he looks like
that
the kid at school had just like Naruto
[Laughter]
listen I loved my time with this game
because I love Pokemon I'd be lying if I
said this was an objectively good game
though I would highly recommend it to a
child or even a newcomer to video games
like myself for anyone who likes a
challenge good graphics an interesting
plot creative game design or having fun
I'd say they might consider it their
worst purchase of 2019 after only
playing a remake of the first generation
and this latest generation I'm already
underwhelmed by the series and frankly
another experience so similar would bore
me for my boyfriend who has played many
entries and spin-offs in the series
pokemon sword was more than boring it
was insulting and living with him while
he played involves lots of ramps like
this my name is Shelby and I will now be
performing a monologue by my boyfriend
five score years ago a great developer
in whose shadow Almeida
today released a video game since that
momentous little cartridge entered my
atomic purple gameboy color I have had a
Pokemon dream a Pokemon dream that the
monsters in my pocket would move to home
console and evolve into the shiniest
Legendary's I say to you today
girlfriend though we may have paid a
console game price for sword and shield
I still have a Pokemon dream but there's
a reason there's a reason Pokemon sucks
and it's the same reason it will never
be fixed because the owners of this
franchise don't want that I'm talking
the real owners now forget Game Freak
Game Freak is put there to give you the
idea that Pokemon is still a video game
it's not it's merchandise the big
wealthy business interests that control
things and make all the important
decisions have long since profited most
from plushies t-shirts Funko drinkware
pins keychains and wallets all paid for
with a Pikachu visa in any actual media
is just a commercial
they've got Game Freak by the pokeballs
they spend millions of dollars a year
marketing to get what they want but let
me tell you what they don't want first
they don't want a population of gamers
capable of critical thinking
they don't want gamers who are smart
enough to sit around the TV and think
about how they're playing the exact same
game that targeted them 20 years ago you
know what they want they want obedient
gamers gamers who are just oil enough to
pre-order and just dumb enough to
passively accept all these increasingly
shorter games for a higher cost for low
quality graphics the recycled animations
the end of postgame content and the
vanishing Pokemon it took a lifetime to
collect they want you to store them in a
subscription-based pokedex for a monthly
ransom and you know something they'll
get it the table is tilted girlfriend
the game is rigged yet we continue to
pay a company that doesn't care about
video games and that's what they count
on the fact that gamers will probably
remain willfully ignorant of the
copy-pasted interactive commercial being
put on shelves every year sword and
shields record-breaking sales proves
that the owners of this franchise know
the truth it's called the Pokemon dream
cuz you have to be asleep to believe
but oh look at it oh yay let's get it
and speaking of commercials
here's one for Squarespace creating a
website for your business with
Squarespace is super easy using any of
their beautiful templates you'll quickly
be the owner of a website with full
access to analytics like pageviews
traffic sources and more want to make
sure your business is being seen by the
right people
Squarespace uses all the best practices
for search engine optimization without
needing any extra plugins in addition to
configuring third-party domains
customers can purchase domains directly
from Squarespace create a powerful
visual experience on your website using
video backgrounds communicate with
customers using squarespace's integrated
commenting system schedule posts in
advance and enjoy the extra time you
have to focus on your business go to
Squarespace comm for a free trial and
when you're ready to launch your website
check out squarespace.com slash
girlfriend reviews and add code
girlfriend reviews for 10% off your
first purchase of a website or domain
alright guys thanks for watching and
guess what we did a face reveal if you
want to see photos of us on the red
carpet at the streamys head over to our
Twitter or Instagram and check it out
and make sure to subscribe on Twitch
because we'll probably set up a face cam
soon and do it just chatting session so
we can get to know each other a little
better
alright thanks again bye
[Music]